Hello, freak bitches. But you know,
we couldn't figure out how to put the different fighting sports together. Right.
So w whose rules to use, right? I mean,
and so really the basis of the UFC was always, you know,
no rules became this huge thing, but it was also whose rules do you use?
I mean, how are you going to get a boxer against did jujitsu guy?
What are you going to use? You can't, there's no rules.
You can use. Did anybody try to gouge eyes? Was that it was that legal in there?
Well, you.
Know, you know what I mean? I always would hear about these wing Chun masters.
They had 50 ways to pop your eye out with their thumb.
And I kept calling them going, bring your thumbs and do it, man.
Don't talk about it, come and pop it. But he's I out, I want you to have done.
If a guy lost an eye, though, would you have done it?
Would we'd pick it up mean what would we do? You know,
come on. There's also, there's a, there's a reality to fighting that, you know,
better than most people on the planet, right? If you're defending yourself,
you're defending yourself, whether it's from a right hook, you know, right.
Cross, uh, an elbow, a knee, or having your eye guide gouged out,
you're blocking you're, you're aware, you know,
guy comes at you with his thumbs up to do the gouge you're you're in a defensive
posture. Well, it is interesting.
Though,
how many people are getting poked in the eyes now when it's illegal and how
often it happens and what, you know,
the reality of how devastating the results are when guys get their corneas
scratched and they get a fingernail in the eye and they get a finger jab in the
eye. Even if it's accidental, man,
they scream and run away and eyes.
Are sensitive. Is it any different than other sports? The same in football?
If someone gets their hand inside the helmet, it's same in boxing, you know,
in the old days, guys used to do stuff to that glove. So bird ran versus.
Davey, Maury thumbed him in the eye and the, well, he was kicking his anyway,
but David Moore couldn't see out of his eye and then Roberto beat the out of
him.
So, you know, the UFC didn't invent this.
No thumbing is a long time strategy in boxing.
And they actually developed gloves that have the thumb pin down because of that,
because in the old days, the thumb would detach from, from the, uh, the glove.
And even when it's like stitched in a little bit,
you could still kind of get it in there. You can get it in there.
If you're just trying to poke a guy in the eye, which many people did do,
that's a definitely a dirty trick fight.
Yeah. You know, uh, I, man Shamrock was who, who did he fight?
This was like UFC three or four.
He said it was maybe one of the preliminary someone reached into his Speedos
and moved his cup out of the way. So he could knee him. And Ken was going,
dude, we're fighting. You know, if you want to, we can get together later.
But you know, for right now, hands out of my space.
Well, there was a fight between Gary Goodridge and the Pedro in Brazil,
a famous fight. It was like straight up valley Tuto, no gloves, no rules.
And Gary Goodrich reached into his pants and grabbed his balls and crushed them.
He was in Gary. Good.
Which was against that is the cockfight part we were talking.
It was kept pretty sure it was Gary Goodrich. It doesn't sound like his style,
but you know, back in the day. Yeah. Yeah. Well, he was an arm.
Wrestling champs. So maybe he figured that was playing to his strength.
He'll yank your Franklin.
This was, I'm pretty sure it was Gary Goodrich. Yeah.
Gary Goodridge versus the Pedro.
This was way back in the day from 1997. And, uh,
he, uh, yeah, fish is great at that. And isn't back in the day. Yes,
it is still back in the day. Not to you when you were.
In, you were in the game for four years by then. Yeah. Dude.
Reached into his pants and crushed his balls. Do you know what? Uh.
Forrest Griffin said to me at the 20th anniversary, he goes, he goes, you know,
I love the early UFC. He goes, I would have entered earlier,
but I didn't want to wear those Speedos. I wanted to wear a man's pants.
That sounds like something for us would say.
When you guys first created the UFC in 1993,
how long did it take from the initial idea to the first pay-per-view?
You know what nobody's ever asked me that Joe, you know, uh,
w art Davie called me to pitch me war of the worlds in
April of 93. And we were on in November, really? So,
and you know, and you need three months lead time for pay-per-view. So,
you know, it was like, it was a go, wow.
So you guys realized right away what a great idea this is going to be.
Oh, it was. I realized that on an arts call, you know, how can you not,
you, same with you. You saw it, you loved it. You know, I heard about it. I,
I really did see it as alive, you know, a real life mortal combat.
That is really what I saw when I imagined what it would look like, you know?
And I thought, who would not watch that I'm watching it. It's my show.
I probably would pay myself to watch it. I mean, it's just,
how can you not watch.
That? I got a board, uh, like I said, in 94,
I found the video of a UFC two and I don't think UFC one was even available on
video. Right? Wasn't there some sort of no dispute?
No, no, it wasn't a dispute, but, um, Don gold, you know,
should we all know and love, and it's still at the UFC.
He bought two and at the same time bought one.
Um, and back in those days, you try to release the videos to be fresh.
So he didn't want to release one before two, we wanted to, to be the first one,
come out, very close to the event, all the hoopla.
And then later on added one also, as, you know,
one had arguably the worst commentator team in the history of sports. Phil.
Good. Jim brown.
Jim, I liked Jim brown. Jim brown was cool. Then I still think he's cool,
but what's super foot man, super moron. You know.
You, how dare you. God hero is.
A karate hero bill, super foot Wallace is that he's a karate hero.
I thought he was karate hero. Is that what he did?
He was a bad kickboxer did you not? No boxer. Of course.
I knew I was standing backstage and I'm trying to explain to him the name of the
show. Right. Which is not the ultimate fighting challenge. Like it's, you know,
maybe it's just a subtle difference, you know?
But to me it meant a lot being chipped versus challenge.
I'm trying to explain it to him and he is practicing his kicks over my
head. It's not, I'm not such a tall guy, but he was a high kicker. Right.
So he's doing these kicks over my head as I'm going build,
try to remember the name of the show.
So he's just showing off or something. What is he doing?
I think he was definitely being.
Silly. Yeah. Just showing he was too cool for school. Yeah, I got it.
And I said to him, I go, we're going to see any kicks like that. He goes, ah,
no, you do that in a real fight. They'll rip your balls off. I'm like, dude,
isn't that what you teach?
No.
He's a jerk off. He's not really, he's a jerk off, you know what he did, Joe,
there's only a couple of where there's actually a,
more than a couple of people I'm, you know,
maybe still annoyed at back then before email. Right.
When you wanted to communicate something, you had to write it down,
put it in an envelope, use a government issued like form of sticker thing.
You put on a non rope and you sent it through a government process and it was
called the mail. Right? Okay. So there's no email.
So bill super foot shows up, gets the name,
wrong burps into the thing pays no attention does a horrible job,
takes the money.
And then like three days later in black belt magazine and editorial comes out
how he says he's totally against it. So he must have written that.
Before he died six weeks before, you know? So he just did it for the check.
I did it, uh, I don't know. I mean, it wasn't that big a check.
It was probably 2,500 bucks. I mean,
if that was life-changing for him and he's in bad shape,
but I think he didn't like it.
Didn't like a lot of the guys that I think of his paper tigers. Right.
I think it was a threat.
Well, I, you can't call bill super foot wall.
So paper tiger bill super foot walls was a great kickboxer. He really was. He,
I saw him fight live.
He was a bad-ass kickboxer I saw him fight live deep into his forties.
He came out of an era of kickboxing when there really were,
when it really was a great thing to watch. Right. And he was a great Kickbox.
So this is from the Chuck Norris. Yeah, absolutely.
And there was a bunch of guys which is named, um, uh, Rick Rufus, Rick,
the jet Rufus tried to get him, uh, uh, Benny the jet
[inaudible] yeah. I mean,
I was after all of these guys and it was just a little bit too late in the day
for them.
Right. Runny, Benny was, they were tired and.
You know, and you're right.
I shouldn't go off like that as a kickboxer he was something he really was.
He just didn't enjoy working with him. I didn't enjoy working with them.
I thought it was to show up,
ready to condemn something or already have condemned it and not pay enough
attention to get the name right.
And something that was as history making as our first event. But anyway,
now he met her. They were horrible.
Cause it just goes down in the record books as the worst commentating team of
all time.
It goes down as the beginning and everything. I mean,
I sucked when I first started doing it too. It just, you know, no one,
no had any background in it. No one knew what to do. You.
Know? You know,
I didn't know about your fighting background when I asked your manager to do it.
What I liked was your comedy style. I liked your persona.
And when I talked to Jeff, he goes, you know, he was a kickboxer or something,
you know, I forgot what he said. It was like, it wasn't very specific.
I was like, really? He was a fight. That's how I found out about it.
But I always thought you were, you had a tough guy persona.
That seemed very right for the show. And we needed someone.
God knows that could talk when all hell was breaking loose,
because hell broke loose pretty regularly in those days. Yeah. Yeah. And.
You had a couple of guys that were doing the post-fight interviews.
That just weren't so good at it. They just weren't so good at media.
Like Tony Blauer.
Who's a really good martial artist and there's a lot about self-defense. Yeah.
We had.
To choose between people that sorta knew what was going on and real
announcers. Right. I mean, that was the choice. Cause we couldn't find anyone.
Do you know, Brian Kilmeade, you know, started out doing this too.
Was Brian Kilmeade he's on a show called Fox and friends, you know, it's like.
Out doing this. He did. Oh, I know exactly what that guy is.
Five.
I think. And Brian, if you're listening or anyone knows Brian,
I'm sorry if I got the number wrong, but you know.
His back was excellent. Nick, you know, Bruce, back to this day,
I owe, uh, Bruce a debt of gratitude. He gave me some really good pointers.
When I first started doing the post-fight interviews,
he gave me some real good pointers on like, you know,
like what to say or what to save you're stuck and you know,
like how did he say it? He's a pro and he's a really good guy.
So did Blatnick you know? Yeah. That was good. Yeah.
Yeah. Olympic gold medalist. I mean awesome dude too. Really? Really?
He was a great guy. It's so sad when he passed. I really miss that guy.
He was a really fun guy to do a commentary with too. Just a real,
genuine, nice person. Yeah. And he'd be.
Around, he had this
like before the show or backstage or if there was any problem he was
unflappable and it just kind of gave off a calm. Sure.
It sort of helped cause like not everybody on the team was coming. Right, right,
right.
He was, he was a great wrestler too. Knew a lot about wrestling, you know,
and eventually developed his knowledge of a MMA jujitsu skills and was really
interested in learning. You know,
I remember there's some videos of him rolling with Frank Shamrock, like very,
very early in the day back, I think when Frank was the champion and uh,
you know, it's about the time of it. Yeah. I left right.
When Frank won, when he beat Kevin Jackson,
an armbar dumb in Japan, I didn't go to the Japan show. That was when I quit.
I was like, that's when did you quit?
About 98 somewhere around then I would just write about it.
And when Frank was so of the title.
That point I would have, I really was, it was me for.
Me too. It was like, um, you know,
it was all these little tiny propeller planes to these strange places,
Augusta, Georgia. And [inaudible].
You know, I kinda liked Augusta. I mean that wasn't bad. Good barbecue. Yeah.
Good barbecue and somewhat friendly town, you know,
as opposed to Charlotte where they invited me never to return, uh,
the chief of police said to me, if you come back,
I'm not sure what I will arrest you for, but I guarantee you, I will arrest you.
Wow. What year was chief.
Of police? What year was this? Well, that would have been on five.
So 95.
Wow. What a Dick? The chief of police is.
Like a guy. Do you remember his name? Uh, Dick something.
Hey Dick, weed. I think Dick weed.
I'm going to remember the, I mean, come on what a crazy abusive power, but it's,
it's all good now because John McCain said he would have ventured to him now
it's okay. Because the war here said it's okay. You know, it wasn't me,
you know, McCain I've said this before,
like I was sorta hoping Jerry Falwell or somebody would come out against,
you know, somebody I could take, you know, a war hero and you know,
powerful Senator. But you know,
it was really a tough opponent to counter was uh, um,
the Senator from Colorado that had had the judo champion, he'd been an Olympic,
um, Judah con, um, Ben, he was native American Ben light, horse Campbell,
Ben night, horse Campbell, I dunno is, um, never heard of this before, you know,
because we were kind of intimating that McCain didn't really know anything about
the martial arts.
And he went and found Ben who was an Olympic gold medalist in judo
or a medalist. He might not have been gold. And he said, yeah, wait,
that's no good. You can't do it. You can't do sail boats. What are you thinking?
Can't use elbows or whatever he said, who knows, whatever the, whatever it was.
He didn't know.
One of the early opponents. And that was all for a lot of folks that don't know,
this is where it gets weird with John McCain, John McCain's wife,
their family was involved with Budweiser. Right. And he was,
the Budweiser was in bed with boxing and boxing was.
In bed with the UFC. Now I need three Joe.
I don't really think that's the connection. I don't think that's what it was.
It was, I think it's odd. I mean, John McCain, you know,
is a Republican. So Republicans tend to stand for state control, right? That,
you know, keeping a small federal government,
that's a kind of a Republican policy,
but I think John McCain really wanted a national boxing commission.
And I think that this was a good way to promote that.
And I think he just was generally offended by the UFC.
And I think it was a great way to get press and it wasn't like people were
coming out and going keep the UFC, keep the, you know,
he just could beat on the UFC and get as much press as he wanted. And look,
look, look how different America is now. I mean, back then,
that was the biggest problem facing the U S was the UFC. I mean,
now look at the problems facing America and the world and you go, we really.
Lived in kind of a time, you know, wait a minute. What do you.
Mean? The UFC was the only problem the United States had. Well, you.
Never reading the news in 1993. There.
Was, well, there's always things going.
On overseas. There's always things going on that, you know, had you.
Heard of a Sama bin Laden in 1993 and know that sense of Ghana stand.
That was a Russian.
Yeah. That was the Mujahideen back then. Yeah.
They were fighting the Russians. So they were cool with us. Yeah.
I think Clinton years the economy was good. I mean, he got, you know,
he did the intern. I mean,
that was like the biggest thing or she did it with them or whatever.
I wasn't paying it. Yeah. That was the.
Biggest issue. Well, I'm sure that what I was going to say, I mean,
what I mean is there,
there was certainly other problems in the world there's violence and all sorts
of things in our, if you were reading the media, apparently, you know,
it was really that big of a deal. Well,
maybe it was you because you were really close to it too. You know,
I'll tell you what w for me it.
Was, uh, you know, it was riding the tiger, right. Because you know,
it was great to be in mad magazine. It was great to be the, uh,
final episode of friends when Courtney Cox,
his boyfriend enters the UFC and goes to it. It was great to be in virtuosity.
You know, the Denzel Washington Russell Crowe movie. I mean, there's are,
there's big 95. I mean, it's really big media stuff. But on the other hand,
when you're that visible, you know, you're making a lot of people angry if they,
if they don't like you you're in their face all the time.
So it was kind of a tough thing. So yeah. I mean, it was fun until it wasn't.
Um, and you, I mean, you know, the story we were,
we had backed off that marketing and we're, you know, the unified rules,
you know, were coming into place and, you know,
it was a very different folks who don't know.
What we're talking about. When the UFC first came out,
there were no weight classes and there were no rules and you could not,
you know, a fighter could tap. They could,
but no one could throw in the towel and the referee couldn't stop the.
I was on one.
That changed by two. That was insane by the way. Yeah.
Okay. So, but it's this sort of highlights it. So that's the first episode,
the first UFC. And then from there slowly,
but surely rules start becoming implemented strategies, change rounds,
um, weight classes, gloves, things got really interesting, really fast.
And I'll think a lot of people were unaware of it.
If you think about the difference between 93 and 97,
I came in in 97 when Vituro made his debut gloves were still not
mandatory. They were, uh, optional, some fighters fought without gloves. Uh,
but it was wasn't that the case.
I was against gloves after I saw tank knockout. What's his name, man too. Uh,
um, tank was smart. He figured out, he goes, gloves are a weapon.
I'm bringing them. Yeah.
Yeah. You get hit harder with gloves. A lot harder. He could hit harder.
You don't worry about breaking your hands. There's all the wraps and everything.
They give you a much better thing to hit with bare knuckles. Tricky.
If you hit someone in the knuckle with bare knuckles on your forehead,
you can break your hand very easily. It's a really common,
especially if you catch them with the last two knuckles,
the ones that vibrate where your pinky is, your head was the.
Most common injury in the early in the Gracies were like wear gloves.
Don't wear gloves, wear a hat. I.
Don't care. Yeah. You know, whatever you want.
Whereas vest, okay.
If someone else is wearing gloves and you're grappling with them,
you actually can hold onto the gloves. I mean,
if there's no rules about it and guys use the gloves to finish submissions now,
too, they started doing a lot of that. A lot of guys, um, um,
the way Josh Thompson finished off, uh,
who was it? Um, uh,
Ryan heat, pat Healey thing was pat Healey. No, not pat Heeley. Yeah.
It w I think it was Josh Thompson and pat Healey. Anyway, he, uh,
he grabs the glove as he's finishing the rear naked choke.
Like he's gone for the rear naked and he switches to Palm, to Palm,
and then he grabs the glove and uses the glove to finish it off. And I was like,
I was like, that's slick. Well, it's totally legal.
It's totally legal to grab your own glove.
And it's also totally legal to grab your own shorts,
which is kind of interesting because one of the best ways to defend against
Kimora is, is to just grab the inside of your shorts,
like by your crotch and just hang on for dear life.
She's always used the G for that type of effect. You know, you know,
I'm sitting here, I'm watching you do this. Right.
And I was watching your brain try to find that, you know,
find out opponent and you know, you are,
you're a Renaissance man of tough guy stuff. You know,
that's what you are, you know? Cause your comedy is like that.
You've acted as a tough guy. You do comedy from a tough guy, point of view.
And you know, I think you've probably is this true?
I think you've probably seen more MMA than anyone on the planet.
Maybe Joe, Silva's seen more than me because Joseph [inaudible].
Over there. He's got his hands over his eyes. It.
Was pat Healey who it was definitely pat Healey that Josh Thompson fought. Um,
yeah, man, look, I've seen a lot. I've I've up close. I've been to,
I don't know how many events, but I've seen well, well over a thousand fights,
like up close and personal and some of the best fights in the history of MMA can
the history. But Joe Silva goes to all the Fox sports, one events as well.
Now I go to the last two years, he's outpaced me. It used to be we'd with all,
we would not see the same amount of fights, but over the last two years,
I don't really do those Fox sports. One ones as much anymore.
I do Fox and the pay-per-view and then the Anik Florian team does the, uh,
the other one. But, uh,
so Joe Silva might be the only guy on the planet that seemed more fights than
me, unless you know, really hardcore fans. There's some psychos out there,
but I've seen everything.
Every local. I don't know. It's hard. I think Joe fits into that category.
He's a psycho.
Joe Silva is a real MMA fan. That mother loves MMA. Yeah, here it is.
This is Josh Thompson finishing off pat Healey put a beautiful technique too.
It's got the body triangle and then he's using, it's hard to tell here.
Nope. That's Palm to Palm. I'm wrong. That's just a regular Palm to Palm grip.
I stand corrected unless he finishes it in a different way and pulls the gloves.
I definitely have seen someone it before. I don't know why I thought,
I thought it was Josh because Josh is a very clever guy. He's a,
the point stands. It's a good move.
What point does it bad-ass technique though? Let me say no,
I couldn't tell if he did it. There is that John pulled out. Yes.
John McCarthy. No, no. He's wearing a microphone. You Jesus Christ.
It was like, as he's finishing this off with a bow, that's another thing too.
That's changed over the years. That potty triangle man, guys, uh, oh yeah,
he is doing it. He is doing it. He was doing it at the end. See,
my memory is good. Thought my memory failed me. Josh. Thompson's bad.
Good.
You Jitsu. You know, so much of the fighting has changed.
I mean it's yeah, it's incredible. Right. It's uh, it's really it's.
It's like, you know, like even when you see old films of the, you know,
the NFL back in the leather helmet football on the leather helmet, days, it,
you know, football hasn't, I mean, the UFC changed more than 20 years. I mean,
it's remarkable, but yet you and Joe silver.
Still. Yeah. That's weird. Yeah. It changed radically.
And I brought both of you guys in, you did, you did well,
I was a post-fight interviewer. I'd never done any commentary ever. Um,
I had done commentary for more time. Um, but I'd never done talk or,
well, yeah, but it's still, let's see, you have to learn how to do it.
Absolutely. And you got a lot better, right? Oh, for sure.
I was terrible in the beginning. It's.
Um, but you were better in the beginning,
people that we brought in on that first. Well, yeah,
maybe a serious upgrade. I had, uh, the, the.
Benefit of, uh, first of all, watching them make mistakes.
That's a huge benefit enough.
And then the other benefit was I was a huge fan and always have been,
I've been a fan since that tape that I picked up at that Hollywood video store.
Uh, and that was two. That was, that was number two. Yeah.
And then I started training. Yeah, it was, I started training soon after that.
Um, and uh, I remember thinking, man, this is, uh, I hope this works out.
You know,
I hope this takes off because I remember when I looked at the very box that had
the UFC on it, the first time I found out about the UFC,
I looked at that box and went, wow, they did it.
They did it because this is something that everybody in MMA had talked about.
I should say, MMA, everyone in martial arts.
And there are no martial arts anymore there's styles,
but everything is essentially in my eyes. MMA is martial arts. Now it's not,
I mean, this idea of.
Mixed martial arts. Yeah.
I mean,
I think they're still teaching kids TaeKwonDo and there's nothing wrong with it.
There's nothing wrong with it. But.
Martial arts is MMA. You know, it is martial arts. And um,
when we, we were coming up, like I was a TaeKwonDo guy and you know,
I had friends that did karate and I had another friend that did this and
everyone always wanted to know what was the best. And you didn't know,
you really had no idea. You had no idea until the UFC came along.
It was all just speculation.
And everyone was convinced that their style of judo was unstoppable or
their shadow con was the best death touch and you know, whatever.
It was every, it was all just talking and guesswork.
But when I looked at that box, I remember very clearly thinking in my head, wow,
they did it. They actually did it.
Like this was the thing that everybody always talked about.
Get everybody together, make them duke it out. Kuma taste style,
like a Jean-Claude van Damme movie in a cage,
but even better because he was in a cage, went up to gun two.
When I would tell people when I was working for you guys, I was, uh,
on news radio, which is an NBC sitcom.
Fortunately news radio was not doing well. It wasn't popular.
So the network didn't come up to me and go, Hey. Had, what are you doing?
Cage fighting. Commentator.
Advertisers are very uncomfortable with your side gig.
They didn't have any problem because that show could have been canceled every
year. We almost got Kansas is a good show, Joe.
It was a very good show. It was a very good show, good character, but we didn't.
Have the benefit of political backing. So we got moved a lot and uh,
it was never like a guarantee, but,
but when I was doing it, people had talked to me like I was doing porn.
They would talk to me like I was off like shooting porn on the weekend.
They're like, what are you doing? You doing cage funny? Why are you doing that?
Why are you, why are you interviewing cage fighters? I was like,
I like watching it. And people would look at you like,
there's something wrong with you for liking watching. I like watching it, dude.
I'm telling you, man, I got seriously judged by, by people in the,
in the industry back then, what was not popular? I commiserate.
And when I moved to Larchmont, which is a snooty little town in Westchester,
outside of New York, my wife goes, please don't tell anyone what you do.
You know, the UFC had paid for the house. She goes not hilarious,
please don't please. If you could not bring it up. Yeah. It's it's much,
much, much, much, much more acceptable now. I mean, no, absolutely.
It's not Fox it's uh, you know,
it's rumored to be an Olympic sport in the making so.
Well, that would make sense, but you know,
if you have curling as an Olympic sport, man,
your people, you Canadian wild Scottish, which is, oh,
the Scottish curl as well. Right? Well, th.
They invented curling and, and, and the Canadians are Scottish because you know,
that drink Canada dry, the Scots thought that was a challenge.
So they all went to drink Canada, dry, you know, that's oh,
it's an old joke or sorry,
the three Scottish listeners you have are busting a gut right now, though.
I love the Canada dry material.
Uh, one of those shows like best sports show or something like that way, way,
way back in the day. And, uh, I was telling them, I said,
I think it's going to be an enormous national sport one day.
And they were laughing. They thought.
It was so cool. You know,
there's a lot of stick and ball guys in the sports business that still are
waiting for it to go away. And they don't like rock and roll or hip hop either.
Some on, um, who does amateur football. He does college football.
And he was talking about, uh, after Anderson, silver broke his leg,
that this is the reason why he would never cover the UFC. Never has, will,
you know, an MMA for sure.
What was the reason because Anderson broke his leg because his leg got broke.
Exactly. And he's, he works in football, football guy.
He's college football. Well, they don't even make money.
They're getting head injuries for free.
And the colleges are making billions of dollars. They are no rules,
guys not commenting on other sports.
Joe. Well, they just, I'm not doing the.
No rules guy. Well then those guys, those,
those higher moral ground sports guys. Yeah.
But you know, there's a real reason for it. And it is.
And if you look at the NFL, you know, the,
with NFL films that turned the sport into
a heroic endeavor,
and I think NFL films was really changing in,
in the media business and then the sports business.
Cause they turned football into this epic story and it became very advertiser
friendly and it, you know, ends up in, you know, the super bowl,
which is the most advertiser friendly thing in the planet. Right?
So I think that whole thing was built out and anything that rocks the boat,
the way we rock the boat with boxing,
when Tyson was moved from pay-per-view to Fox opposite,
the ultimate ultimate back in the day,
there hadn't been a heavyweight boxing match on broadcast.
And I think 16 years and strangely Tyson has put up against our cheer,
a tournament of champions, you know, that's not a coincidence.
So I think when you're protecting something, you know, it's a siege mentality.
And I think a lot of the pure sports guys still feel a little bit threatened
by.
The youth. Well, you better tell Dana white cause Dana white will put shows on.
Well, he used to always do that. Put us bike shows on, uh,
opposite of affliction or opposite.
Of Dana. You know.
He likes to go to war. You know, I.
Am, uh, I am the number one, Dana fan. I got to say, he's the greatest.
If it wasn't for him, I wouldn't be working for the UFC this time around. None.
Of us would be sitting here talking about the UFC, if it wasn't for him.
Well, I had no intentions of going back and doing commentary.
I was totally talked into it by him.
I was watching the fights like cage side that's back when, um,
Goldberg and um, else was doing it with them,
Jeff, uh, from hook and shoot Jeff Osborne. Um,
and Blatnick they were doing it. That was, uh, you know,
2001 or two, 2000, 2001. So I was just watching.
Look, Dana, got it the way, the way I got it,
the way you got it instantly and then was in, and then you're in and you,
you know, and you're a Mormon, you can't, you know,
you gonna have four wives or whatever, the special underwear,
whatever it is is you are in, uh, yeah. In the UFC has that effect.